Updating java docs (#505)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/api/java/accounts.md

# Accounts

## PrivateKeyEthSigner

Used to get wallet address, generate signatures and verify messages.

### `signTypedData`

> Signs typed struct using ethereum private key by EIP-712 signature standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signs typed-struct using Ethereum private key with the EIP-712 signature standard.
```

#### Inputs and outputs

| Name   | Description                                    |
|--------|------------------------------------------------|
| domain | EIP712 domain.                                 |
| typedData | Object implementing EIP712 structure standard. |

> | returns | Prepared estimate gas request.                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| returns | Prepared gas estimate request.                 |
```

### `verifyTypedData`

Verify typed EIP-712 struct standard.

#### Inputs and outputs

| Name   | Description                                    |
|--------|------------------------------------------------|
| domain | EIP712 domain.                                 |
| typedData | Object implementing EIP712 structure standard. |

> | returns | Prepared estimate gas request.                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| returns | Prepared gas estimate request.                 |
```

### `signMessage`

> Sign raw message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign raw message.
```

| addPrefix | If true then add secure prefix (<a href="https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712">EIP-712</a>). |
| returns | Signature object.    |

### `verifySignature`

Verify signature with raw message

#### Inputs and outputs

| Name   | Description                                                                                   |
|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| signature | Signature object.                                                                                             |
| message | Message to verify.                                                                            |
| prefixed | If true then add secure prefix (<a href="https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712">EIP-712</a>). |
| returns | true on verification success.                                                                             |

### `getAddress`

Get wallet address

#### Inputs and outputs

| Name   | Description                       |
|--------|-----------------------------------|
| returns | Address in hex string.    |

## Wallet

### Creating wallet from a private key

> The `Wallet` object from `zksync-web3` can be created from Ethereum private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Wallet` object from `zksync-web3` can be created from an Ethereum private key.
```

#### Inputs and outputs

| Name    | Description                                                          |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | zksync  | A zkSync node provider. Needed for interaction with zkSync.          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| zksync  | A zkSync Era node provider. Needed for interaction with zkSync.          |
```

> | signer  | Used to get wallet address, generate signatures and verify messages. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| signer  | Used to get wallet address, generate signatures, and verify messages. |
```

| token   | Token object.                                                        |
| returns | The new `Wallet` object.                                             |

### `transfer`

There are multiple ways to transfer coins or tokens with wallet object.

> Transfer coins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Transfer coins
```

| Name    | Description                                                         |
|---------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | to      | Reciever address.                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to      | Recipient address.                                                   |
```

> | amount  | Amount of funds to be transferred in minimal denomination (in Wei). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| amount  | Amount of funds to be transferred in minimal denomination (wei). |
```

| returns | Prepared remote call of transaction.                                |

> Transfer coins or tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Transfer coins or tokens
```

> With specific token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### With specific token
```

| Name    | Description                                                         |
|---------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | to      | Reciever address.                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to      | Recipient address.                                                   |
```

> | amount  | Amount of funds to be transferred in minimal denomination (in Wei). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| amount  | Amount of funds to be transferred in minimum denomination (wei). |
```

> | token   | Token object supported by ZkSync.                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| token   | Token object supported by ZkSync Era.                                                   |
```

| returns | Prepared remote call of transaction.                                |

> With specific token and custom nonce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### With specific token and custom nonce
```

| Name    | Description                                                         |
|---------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | to      | Reciever address.                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to      | Recipient address.                                                   |
```

> | amount  | Amount of funds to be transferred in minimal denomination (in Wei). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| amount  | Amount of funds to be transferred in minimum denomination (wei). |
```

| token   | Token object supported by ZkSync.                                                   |

> | nonce   | Custom nonce value of the wallet.                                                   |

Reviewer: nonce of the wallet? or transaction?

| returns | Prepared remote call of transaction.                                |

### `withdraw`

> Withdraw native coins or tokens to L1 chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Withdraw native coins or tokens to L1.
```

| Name    | Description                                                        |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | to      | Address of the wallet in L1 to that funds will be withdrawn.                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to      | Address of the wallet in L1 to which funds will be withdrawn.                                                   |
```

> | amount  | Amount of the funds to be withdrawn. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| amount  | Amount of funds to be withdrawn. |
```

| returns | Prepared remote call of transaction.                               |

> With specific token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### With specific token
```

| Name    | Description                                                        |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | to      | Address of the wallet in L1 to that funds will be withdrawn.                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to      | Address of the wallet in L1 from which funds will be withdrawn.                                                   |
```

> | amount  | Amount of the funds to be withdrawn. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| amount  | Amount of funds to be withdrawn. |
```

> | token   | Token object supported by ZkSync.                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| token   | Token object supported by ZkSync Era.                                                  |
```

| returns | Prepared remote call of transaction.                               |

With specific token and custom nonce

| Name    | Description                                                        |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | to      | Address of the wallet in L1 to that funds will be withdrawn.                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to      | Address of the L1 wallet from which funds will be withdrawn.                                                   |
```

> | amount  | Amount of the funds to be withdrawn. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| amount  | Amount of funds to be withdrawn. |
```

| token   | Token object supported by ZkSync.                                                  |
| nonce   | Custom nonce value of the wallet.                                                  |
| returns | Prepared remote call of transaction.                               |

### `deploy`

> Deploy new smart-contract into chain (this method uses create2, see <a href="https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1014">EIP-1014</a>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy new smart contract onto chain (this method uses `create2`, see <a href="https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1014">EIP-1014</a>)
```

| Name    | Description                                                        |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| bytecode      | Compiled bytecode of the contract.                                                   |
| returns | Prepared remote call of transaction.                               |

With constructor

| Name    | Description                                                        |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| bytecode      | Compiled bytecode of the contract.                                                   |

> | calldata  | Encoded constructor parameter of contract. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| calldata  | Encoded constructor parameter(s) of contract. |
```

| returns | Prepared remote call of transaction.                               |

> With constructor and custom nonce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### With constructor and custom nonce
```

| Name    | Description                                                        |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| bytecode      | Compiled bytecode of the contract.                                                   |

> | calldata  | Encoded constructor parameter of contract. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| calldata  | Encoded constructor parameter(s) of contract. |
```

> | nonce   | Custom nonce value of the wallet.                                                  |

Reviewer: please clarify

| returns | Prepared remote call of transaction.                               |

### `execute`

> Execute function of deployed contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Execute function of deployed contract
```

> Execute function of deployed contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute function of deployed contract.
```

| Name    | Description                          |
|---------|--------------------------------------|
| contractAddress      | Address of deployed contract.        |
| function  | Prepared function call with or without parameters.                                   |
| returns | Prepared remote call of transaction. |

> With custom nonce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### With custom nonce
```

| Name    | Description                          |
|---------|--------------------------------------|
| contractAddress      | Address of deployed contract.        |
| function  | Prepared function call with or without parameters.                                   |

> | nonce   | Custom nonce value of the wallet.    |

Reviewer: please clarify

| returns | Prepared remote call of transaction. |

### `getBalance`

> Get balance of wallet in natice coin (wallet address gets from EthSigner)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get balance of wallet in native coin (wallet address gets from EthSigner).
```

| Name   | Description                       |
|--------|-----------------------------------|
| address | Wallet address.                   |
| returns | Prepared get balance call.        |

> Get balance of wallet in Token (wallet address gets from EthSigner)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get balance of wallet in token (wallet address gets from EthSigner).
```

| Name   | Description                       |
|--------|-----------------------------------|

> | token  | Token object supported by ZkSync. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| token  | Token object supported by ZkSync Era. |
```

| returns | Prepared get balance call.        |

> Get balance of wallet in native coin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Get balance of wallet in native coin
```

| Name   | Description                       |
|--------|-----------------------------------|
| address | Wallet address.                   |
| returns | Prepared get balance call.        |

Get balance of wallet by address in Token

| Name   | Description                       |
|--------|-----------------------------------|
| address | Wallet address.                   |

> | token  | Token object supported by ZkSync. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| token  | Token object supported by ZkSync Era. |
```

| returns | Prepared get balance call.        |

> Get balance of wallet by address in Token at block DefaultBlockParameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Get balance of wallet by address of token at block `DefaultBlockParameter`
```

| Name   | Description                       |
|--------|-----------------------------------|
| address | Wallet address.                   |

> | token  | Token object supported by ZkSync. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| token  | Token object supported by ZkSync Era. |
```

| at     | Block variant.                    |
| returns | Prepared get balance call.        |

### `getNonce`

Get nonce for wallet at block DefaultBlockParameter (wallet address gets from EthSigner)

| Name   | Description              |
|--------|--------------------------|
| at     | Block variant.           |
| returns | Prepared get nonce call. |

> Get nonce for wallet at block `COMMITTED` ZkBlockParameterName (wallet address gets from EthSigner)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get nonce for wallet at block `COMMITTED` `ZkBlockParameterName` 

Wallet address gets from EthSigner.
```
